global-accessibility-awareness-day/2021.md, before:

# Global Accessibility Awareness Day 2021

## Thursday 6th May

### Keyboard only day

For one day, we encourage you to throw your mouse in the bin, ignore the trackpad and [only use a keyboard while browsing the web](https://www.accessibility-developer-guide.com/knowledge/keyboard-only/browsing-websites/). An estimated 9% of web users use keyboard exclusively for browsing the web.

It can be surprisingly labour-intensive if navigation has not been designed thoughtfully. It can also be frustrating if focus states are unclear or if interactive controls have not been implemented accessibly.

If doing this for an entire day sounds like it would have a significant impact on your productivity, consider trying this shorter exercise, using only your keyboard:

- open The Guardian's website in your favourite web browser
- look for an article that interests you on the network front
- open the article and skim read it to the end
- open an article recommended from one of the onward journey containers below the article

This will give you a sense of a keyboard-only reader's experience when using our website.

Please take the time to read our [keyboard navigation guidelines](https://theguardian.design/2a1e5182b/p/6691bb-accessibility/t/39894d) in the Source developer's guide.

_Note:_ if you are using Firefox on Mac you need to make some changes to [make tab behaviour work as expected](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11704828/how-to-allow-keyboard-focus-of-links-in-firefox.).

## Thursday 13th May

### Colour blindness awareness day

For one day, we encourage you to use install and switch on a colour blindness simulator while using the web. Around 8% of men and 0.5% of women experience some colour vision deficiency. There are several different types of colour vision deficiency which have different effects on the way colour is perceived, including deuteranomoly (green-sensitive cones in the eyes have decreased sensitivity) and achromatopsia (an inability to perceive colour, and reduced vision acuity in sunlight).

Visual features such as graphs or maps are sometimes designed without consideration for how people with colour vision deficiency may experience it. If a feature relies on colour alone as a way of conveying information, it is likely that it will be difficult for those with colour blindness to interpret it.

To get a sense of a colour blind reader's experience when browsing the web, download and install a colour blindness simulator. For example:

- [Funkify](https://www.funkify.org/) (Google Chrome extension)
- [Sim Daltonism](https://michelf.ca/projects/mac/sim-daltonism/) (Mac application)

If doing this for an entire day sounds like it would have a significant impact on your productivity, consider trying a shorter exercise:

- visit a page that has a lot of information that relies on colour to convey meaning. A good example is The Guardian's [2019 election results summary](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/ng-interactive/2019/dec/12/uk-general-election-2019-full-results-live-labour-conservatives-tories)
- using the colour blindness simulator, simulate different deficiencies and attempt to interpret the information in the graphics
- note which deficiencies are most impacted by the use of the colour on the page

This will give you a sense of a colour blind readers' experience when using our website.

Please take the time to read our [colour guidelines](https://theguardian.design/2a1e5182b/p/6691bb-accessibility/t/574ea2) in the Source developer's guide.

## Thursday 20th May

### 14:00 - 15:00: Global Accessibility Awareness Day talk

Commit message:

add instructions for keyboard speedrun challenge

global-accessibility-awareness-day/2021.md, after:

# Global Accessibility Awareness Day 2021

## Thursday 6th May

### Keyboard only day

For one day, we encourage you to throw your mouse in the bin, ignore the trackpad and [only use a keyboard while browsing the web](https://www.accessibility-developer-guide.com/knowledge/keyboard-only/browsing-websites/). An estimated 9% of web users use keyboard exclusively for browsing the web.

It can be surprisingly labour-intensive if navigation has not been designed thoughtfully. It can also be frustrating if focus states are unclear or if interactive controls have not been implemented accessibly.

If doing this for an entire day sounds like it would have a significant impact on your productivity, why not try our Keyboard Speedrun Challenge:

- open [theguardian.com](https://www.theguardian.com) in your favourite browser.
- set a stopwatch- use your phone, or just google 'stopwatch' to bring one up in another tab
- see how fast you can navigate, using only your keyboard, to this article: ["‘It's so good to be back’: Jay Rayner’s first restaurant meal since lockdown"](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/jul/04/its-so-good-to-be-back-jay-rayners-first-restaurant-meal-since-lockdown)
- try to avoid using search unless you get really stuck

This will give you a sense of a keyboard-only reader's experience when using our website.

Please take the time to read our [keyboard navigation guidelines](https://theguardian.design/2a1e5182b/p/6691bb-accessibility/t/39894d) in the Source developer's guide.

_Note:_ if you are using Firefox on Mac you need to make some changes to [make tab behaviour work as expected](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11704828/how-to-allow-keyboard-focus-of-links-in-firefox.).

## Thursday 13th May

### Colour blindness awareness day

For one day, we encourage you to use install and switch on a colour blindness simulator while using the web. Around 8% of men and 0.5% of women experience some colour vision deficiency. There are several different types of colour vision deficiency which have different effects on the way colour is perceived, including deuteranomoly (green-sensitive cones in the eyes have decreased sensitivity) and achromatopsia (an inability to perceive colour, and reduced vision acuity in sunlight).

Visual features such as graphs or maps are sometimes designed without consideration for how people with colour vision deficiency may experience it. If a feature relies on colour alone as a way of conveying information, it is likely that it will be difficult for those with colour blindness to interpret it.

To get a sense of a colour blind reader's experience when browsing the web, download and install a colour blindness simulator. For example:

- [Funkify](https://www.funkify.org/) (Google Chrome extension)
- [Sim Daltonism](https://michelf.ca/projects/mac/sim-daltonism/) (Mac application)

If doing this for an entire day sounds like it would have a significant impact on your productivity, consider trying a shorter exercise:

- visit a page that has a lot of information that relies on colour to convey meaning. A good example is The Guardian's [2019 election results summary](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/ng-interactive/2019/dec/12/uk-general-election-2019-full-results-live-labour-conservatives-tories)
- using the colour blindness simulator, simulate different deficiencies and attempt to interpret the information in the graphics
- note which deficiencies are most impacted by the use of the colour on the page

This will give you a sense of a colour blind readers' experience when using our website.

Please take the time to read our [colour guidelines](https://theguardian.design/2a1e5182b/p/6691bb-accessibility/t/574ea2) in the Source developer's guide.

## Thursday 20th May

### 14:00 - 15:00: Global Accessibility Awareness Day talk
