product-and-engineering.md, before:

# Product and Engineering

The resources in this list are extremely useful for contributors to the Guardian's digital products. The best time to read through this material is before making UI changes to The Guardian's products. The second best time is as soon as possible 😄

## Recommendations and guidelines

- [Source accessibility guidelines for developers](https://theguardian.design/2a1e5182b/p/6691bb-accessibility) (article)
- [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 Primer](https://alphagov.github.io/wcag-primer/#wcag-2-1-overview) (website)
- [The Guardian's accessibility engineering recommendations](https://github.com/guardian/recommendations/blob/master/accessibility.md) (article)

## Testing

- [Accessibility checklist for pull requests](https://github.com/guardian/.github/blob/438dd01519772104ff1f7aa381c3377d2c350f71/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md#accessibility) (code)

### Screen reader

- [Screen reading software - RNIB](https://www.rnib.org.uk/sight-loss-advice/technology-and-useful-products/technology-resource-hub-latest-facts-tips-and-guides/screen-reading-software) (article)
- [Screen reader basics: VoiceOver](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5R-6WvAihms) (video)
- [Using VoiceOver to evaluate web accessibility](https://webaim.org/articles/voiceover/) (article)
- [Basic screen reader commands for accessibility testing](https://www.tpgi.com/basic-screen-reader-commands-for-accessibility-testing/) (article)

### Keyboard

- [How to browse websites using a keyboard only](https://www.accessibility-developer-guide.com/knowledge/keyboard-only/browsing-websites/) (article)

## Useful links

- [The Guardian's Accessibility Help page](https://www.theguardian.com/help/accessibility-help) (website)

Commit message:

add explainer text to links

product-and-engineering.md, after:

# Product and Engineering

The resources in this list are extremely useful for contributors to the Guardian's digital products. The best time to read through this material is before making UI changes to The Guardian's products. The second best time is as soon as possible 😄

## Recommendations and guidelines

- [Source accessibility guidelines for developers](https://theguardian.design/2a1e5182b/p/6691bb-accessibility) (article) - Accessibility guidelines for The Guardian's Design System
- [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 Primer](https://alphagov.github.io/wcag-primer/#wcag-2-1-overview) (website) - A digestible form of the W3C's accessibility guidelines
- [The Guardian's accessibility engineering recommendations](https://github.com/guardian/recommendations/blob/master/accessibility.md) (article)

## Testing

- [Accessibility checklist for pull requests](https://github.com/guardian/.github/blob/438dd01519772104ff1f7aa381c3377d2c350f71/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md#accessibility) (code) - If your project overrides the default PR template, make sure to copy this into your custom template

### Screen reader

- [Screen reading software - RNIB](https://www.rnib.org.uk/sight-loss-advice/technology-and-useful-products/technology-resource-hub-latest-facts-tips-and-guides/screen-reading-software) (article) - A helpful explainer or what a screen reader is and who may find it helpful
- [Screen reader basics: VoiceOver](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5R-6WvAihms) (video)
- [Using VoiceOver to evaluate web accessibility](https://webaim.org/articles/voiceover/) (article)
- [Basic screen reader commands for accessibility testing](https://www.tpgi.com/basic-screen-reader-commands-for-accessibility-testing/) (article)

### Keyboard

- [How to browse websites using a keyboard only](https://www.accessibility-developer-guide.com/knowledge/keyboard-only/browsing-websites/) (article)

### Colour contrast

- [Who Can Use](https://whocanuse.com/) (website) - Test a combination of background and foreground colours. It gives an indication of the people who may be excluded from reading your content, based on the vision type they have.

## Useful links

- [The Guardian's Accessibility Help page](https://www.theguardian.com/help/accessibility-help) (website)
