supporting-resources.md, before:

# Supporting resources

The resources listed here are not essential for day-to-day work. They provide interesting information and help build a richer understanding of accessibility topics.

- [How a screen reader user accesses the web](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/02/accessibility-webinar/) (video)
- [Screen readers and cookie consents](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uaqo4FOI_DY) (video) - Features a useful dissection of The Guardian's consent management banner at [8:11](https://youtu.be/Uaqo4FOI_DY?t=491)
- [10 things I Learned about Accessibility from UK News Sites](https://dev.to/neosaurrrus/10-things-i-learned-about-accessibility-from-uk-news-sites-2ml0) (article) - Includes helpful critique of some familar Guardian UI features, among other publishers
- [Text descriptions and emotion rich images](https://tink.uk/text-descriptions-emotion-rich-images/) (article) - The importance of alt text for images that add atmosphere to a website
- [Scope: disability facts and figures](https://www.scope.org.uk/media/disability-facts-figures/) (article) - Statistics showing how many people identify as disabled, and an overview of some of the difficulties commonly faced by disabled people

## Accessibility guidance from the wider industry

- [usability.gov](https://www.usability.gov/) (website)
- [NHS Service Manual: Accessibility Guidance](https://service-manual.nhs.uk/accessibility) (website)
- [eBay MIND Patterns](http://ebay.github.io/mindpatterns/) (website) - Accessibility Patterns for the Web
- [Stark Library](https://www.getstark.co/library/) (website) - Accessibility resources, guides and communities

## The Guardian's accessibility community

- [Accessibility is for Everyone](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MHzb24FW82OQRUA33_LEOuuHDyXjfqeS) (video) - An introduction to accessibility for Guardian engineers
- [Accessibility Hacks 2020](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1w6X65MWk18-9pDPQfhw4vW9rYSroqE6g) (video) - A deep dive into 3 hacks presented at the Guardian's Diversity Hack Day in November 2020

## Guardian articles

- [Young and dyslexic? You’ve got it going on](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/oct/02/young-dyslexic-children-creative) (article)

## Fun

- [Lost in Voice](https://guardian.github.io/lost-in-voice/) (game) - A browser-based problem solving game for learning how to use a screen reader

Commit message:

add link to ediblecodes a11y resources

supporting-resources.md, after:

# Supporting resources

The resources listed here are not essential for day-to-day work. They provide interesting information and help build a richer understanding of accessibility topics.

- [How a screen reader user accesses the web](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/02/accessibility-webinar/) (video)
- [Screen readers and cookie consents](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uaqo4FOI_DY) (video) - Features a useful dissection of The Guardian's consent management banner at [8:11](https://youtu.be/Uaqo4FOI_DY?t=491)
- [10 things I Learned about Accessibility from UK News Sites](https://dev.to/neosaurrrus/10-things-i-learned-about-accessibility-from-uk-news-sites-2ml0) (article) - Includes helpful critique of some familar Guardian UI features, among other publishers
- [Text descriptions and emotion rich images](https://tink.uk/text-descriptions-emotion-rich-images/) (article) - The importance of alt text for images that add atmosphere to a website
- [Scope: disability facts and figures](https://www.scope.org.uk/media/disability-facts-figures/) (article) - Statistics showing how many people identify as disabled, and an overview of some of the difficulties commonly faced by disabled people
- [ediblecode's accessibility resources](https://github.com/ediblecode/accessibility-resources) (list) - An even longer list of resources. If you spot a link in this list that looks super useful, please raise a PR and add it to this file too 🙏

## Accessibility guidance from the wider industry

- [usability.gov](https://www.usability.gov/) (website)
- [NHS Service Manual: Accessibility Guidance](https://service-manual.nhs.uk/accessibility) (website)
- [eBay MIND Patterns](http://ebay.github.io/mindpatterns/) (website) - Accessibility Patterns for the Web
- [Stark Library](https://www.getstark.co/library/) (website) - Accessibility resources, guides and communities

## The Guardian's accessibility community

- [Accessibility is for Everyone](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MHzb24FW82OQRUA33_LEOuuHDyXjfqeS) (video) - An introduction to accessibility for Guardian engineers
- [Accessibility Hacks 2020](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1w6X65MWk18-9pDPQfhw4vW9rYSroqE6g) (video) - A deep dive into 3 hacks presented at the Guardian's Diversity Hack Day in November 2020

## Guardian articles

- [Young and dyslexic? You’ve got it going on](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/oct/02/young-dyslexic-children-creative) (article)

## Fun

- [Lost in Voice](https://guardian.github.io/lost-in-voice/) (game) - A browser-based problem solving game for learning how to use a screen reader
